detective
I got me home birth to me till Helene
nega do Wow oh my god your honor
good job team get ready for that I sound
what's inside search and destroy given
the objective I don't know how to get
Nick
Wow way la now you got a big mouth yesh
sorry you got a better connection than I
do oh boy reason good team get ready for
the night so long oh you know leave
either he's a broken building back
broken burger we're still talking like
that silver sorry hey sorry's America
next one we are Oh
art is heaven large yeah yeah yeah the
game ever oh my gosh Oh heaven an
organism oh you're cool you're cool you
have 44 on district where we talk he's
already got a better connection sorry
you guys have a better connection than I
get home yes I name nothing my three
bars world the only reason I got notice
that a boom much done Oh hard you know
hello we weren't even hard as kid oh my
god was much done so fucking hard that's
on so fuckin much done so oh oh yeah oh
fuck me hard that search and destroy
team on ladder MLG search destroy team
best fucking search team on the fuckin
matter much Don so fucking hard so
fucking hard but John
y el eel sonic sonic and shaker oh it's
down so fucking hard
but I'm no fucking hard
pop
you know hey did you like how I came
back twice to clutch what kind of plush
I stepped it up though I guess seven
kills at the end i have more chicity
bush I like that like the way I accepted
Oh
I've got a match right now I got a metro
now I'm accepting 4438 50 and 70
oh no no fuck that we are so why don't
you just fucking host come on pumpkin
there's gonna be given an identical